You see it all around us.
This rule of three.
In the images we make,
in the numbers we follow,
in the make-up of every story we tell.
With their beginnings, middles and ends.
There's power in threes.
So, let us tell you a story.
A story in three parts.
A story about risk.
Let's meet our players.
All driving the risk landscape.
Shaping it from one scene to the next.
But when we see risk clearly,
we can navigate it confidently
and take risks intelligently.
Because standing still,
that's not an option.
We must reinvent to stay relevant.
It means taking risks. Yes,
but in the right way.
The way that powers growth
and pushes us forward.
All organisations need to build resilience
in our systems, processes,
infrastructure and data.
So, when the unexpected happens,
we're ready.
Responding to change,
protecting trust,
writing the story we want told.
See risk clearly.
Take risk intelligently.
Manage risk effectively.
There's power in threes.